# Sol-Fi

For this project, it is important to mention that the dichroic filter has a disc shape.

* **SunlightCollector+Dichroic01.FCStd**: The main structure (_FullBase_) can hold up to two LC and dichroic filters for multiplexing. In the single-channel configuration use the one on the left with no dichroic filter. The _FibreFixer_ can be screwed on the output of the sunlight collector and fits into the _FibreHolder_, which in turn fits into the _FullBase_.
* **dmd-dichroic.FCStd**: The _DichroicHolder_ part can be fixed to the DMD board and the optical engine using screws. The left pole has a hole for the plastic optical fibre which captures light from the sunlight collector. The _7degBase_ part sets a fixed inclination to the _DichroicHolder_ part. The _Dichroic-Holder02 (Mirror #1)_ can be fixed at the front of the  _DichroicHolder_ part and can hold the dichroic filter in the dual channels configuration.
* **lenspcx02.FCStd**: _Base_ part is the main holder and it should fix the output of the sunlight collector and the fibre that receives the light coming from that output. To achieve this it uses two instances of the _MainSCHolder_ part and the _FibreFixer_ part to hold the output of the sunlight collector and the _FibresHolder_ part to hold a bunch of fibre pieces surrounding the fibre that captures the light and conveys it to the DMD. This allows heat dissipation.
* **OpticalSetup01.FCStd**: A small part that fixes the plastic optical fibre to the optical engine using small screws. This allows a better coupling between the fibre, which carries light, to the optical engine, which holds the DMD inside.
* **receiver-pd-lens03.FCStd**: This file holds all the parts for the receiver. The _MainRx_ and _CapRx_ hold the phototransistor board. The first one also holds the _MainHolder_ part. The _MainHolder_ part fixes to the board to hold the lens in the right position: over the phototransistor. The lens is fixed in position to the top of this part using the _Top_ part, which can be screwed to the _MainHolder_. When using multiplexation with two channels, the _BlueHolder_, _RedBase_ and _RedTop_ hold the colour glass colour filters
